feat(doc): add more info on RewardModel datasets (#2391)
OpenAccess-AI-Collective/axolotl: docs/reward_modelling.qmd

eval_steps: 100
```

> Bradley Terry expects single-turn conversations in the following format:

Reviewer: mega nit : P
```suggestion
Bradley-Terry chat templates expect single-turn conversations in the following format:
```
